[Docs] Fix doc typos in MMDetection 3.x (#8818)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: docs/en/user_guides/train.md

Training requires preparing datasets too. See section [Prepare datasets](#prepare-datasets) above for details.

**Note**:

> Currently, the config files under `configs/cityscapes` use COCO pre-trained weights to initialize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the config files under `configs/cityscapes` use COCO pretrained weights to initialize.
```
